CSS-10880 Improve documentation (#53)
canonical/superset-k8s-operator: documentation/tutorial/05-create-a-dashboard.md

# Create a dashboard

> You'll now load example data, access the UI for the first time and create a dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part of the tutorial focuses on accessing the User Interface (UI) and creating a dashboard.
```

## Add example data
In order to create a dashboard you first need some data. Charmed Superset comes with the option to import test data for experimentation via a configuration parameter. You can do so as follows:
```bash
juju config superset-k8s load-examples=True
```

> [note]

Reviewer 2: Are these meant to be rendered differently? I see it rendered as:

```[note] This may take some time, approximately 5 minutes. [\note]```

Perhaps you're meaning to do [this](https://github.com/orgs/community/discussions/16925)?

> [!NOTE]  
> This may take some time, approximately 5 minutes.

Reviewer: This is Discourse Markdown. See this rendering example: https://charmed-kubeflow.io/docs/get-started-with-charmed-kubeflow

Author: Yes, this is for ease of posting to discourse. For the sake of being able to easily copy and paste (now) or use the automation (in future) I think we should prioritise discourse formatting over github.

This may take some time, up to 5 minutes.
[\note]

Once completed, `juju status` shows the `superset-k8s/0` unit with `Message`: `Status check: UP`.

```
Model           Controller           Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
superset-model  superset-controller  microk8s/localhost  3.5.3    unsupported  11:05:51+01:00

App                  Version  Status       Scale  Charm           Channel        Rev  Address         Exposed  Message
postgresql-k8s       14.12    active           1  postgresql-k8s  14/stable      381  10.152.183.243  no       
redis-k8s            7.2.5    active           1  redis-k8s       latest/edge     36  10.152.183.182  no       
superset-k8s                  active           1  superset-k8s    latest/stable   31  10.152.183.135  no       Status check: UP

Unit                    Workload     Agent  Address      Ports  Message
postgresql-k8s/0*       active       idle   10.1.255.10         Primary
redis-k8s/0*            active       idle   10.1.255.21         
superset-k8s/0*         active       idle   10.1.255.5          Status check: UP
```

## Access the UI

> You can now access the user interface (UI) via the `superset-k8s/0` address, port`8088`. You can do this by opening a browser to `<unit-ip>:8088`, in this example `10.1.255.5:8088`, and logging-in with the username/password `admin/admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now access the UI via the `superset-k8s/0` address, port 8088. You can do this by opening a browser to `<unit-ip>:8088`, in this example `10.1.255.5:8088`, and logging-in with the username/password `admin/admin`.
```
